.\" Man page copied from apt.conf man page.
.TH "apt-proxy\&.conf" "5" "21 Nov 2002" "apt-proxy" ""
.SH "NAME"
apt-proxy\&.conf \- configuration file for apt-proxy
.PP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBapt-proxy\&.conf\fP is the configuration file for apt-proxy.
When apt-proxy starts up, it will read \fB/etc/apt-proxy/apt-proxy\&.conf\fP\&.

\fB/etc/apt-proxy/apt-proxy-v2\&.conf\fP will be read instead if it exists to
make upgrading from v1 easier.
.PP
.SH [DEFAULT]
This section holds options global to the whole apt-proxy:

.TP
.B address
IP address on which apt-proxy will listen for requests. Multiple
addresses have a empty space between it.

.TP
.B port
TCP port on which apt-proxy will listen for requests.

.TP
.B min_refresh_delay
If different from \fBoff\fP, means that Packages and other control
files will not be refreshed more frequently than this number of
seconds\&.

.TP
.B timeout
Maximum I/O timeout in seconds for backend transfers.

.TP
.B cache_dir
Cache directory.  Default: /var/cache/apt-proxy

.TP
.B cleanup_freq
If different from \fBoff\fP, indicates the time between housekeeping attempts:
delete files that have not been accessed in max_age, scan cache directories
and update internal tables, ...

.TP
.B max_age
If different from \fBoff\fP, indicates the maximum age of files before
deletion from the cache.

.TP
.B max_versions
If different from \fBoff\fP, indicates the maximum number of versions of a
\&.deb to keep.  This is the number of versions per distribution, for example
setting max_versions to 2 will ensure that a maximum of 6 packages would be kept:
the last 2 stable versions, the last 2 testing versions and the last 2 unstable
versions.

.TP
.B passive_ftp
Specify \fBon\fP to use passive FTP, which works from behind a firewall,
but may not be supported on all servers.  Specify \fBoff\fP to use active
FTP instead.  Default: on

.TP
.B http_proxy
Specify \fBhostname:port\fP to use an upstream proxy.

.TP
.B dynamic_backends
By default apt-proxy will add HTTP backends dynamicaly if not already
defined. Specify \fBoff\fP to restrict the available backends to those
listed in the configuration file.  Default: on

.TP
.B disable_pipelining
apt-proxy can use HTTP pipelining to fetch several files at once (up to 10), but
this can generate multiple connections to each backend server.  Pipelining is
disabled by default until this is fixed.  Set to \fB0\fP to enable experimental
http pipelining.  Default: 1

.PP
.SH BACKENDS
All other sections will be interpreted as backend names, and the options
specified within are local to the backend.

The supplied apt-proxy\&.conf will work out of the box, but I suggest you
look for a mirror closer to you\&.  There are some in the default
apt-proxy\&.conf and it may be enough just to reorder the lines in the file\&.

.TP
.B timeout
Overrides the global timeout

.TP
.B backends = "<protocol>://<server>/<directory>"
A list of backend URLs\&.
.br
Protocol - internet protocol to use: http, ftp or rsync
.br
Server - hostname of the backend server to contact
.br
Directory - directory name to prepend requests to for this server

.TP
.B passive_ftp
Override the global setting of passive_ftp

.PP
This example shows how to give clients access to the main Debian
archive:
.nf
[debian]
backends = http://ftp.us.debian.org/debian/
           http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian/
.fi

.PP
Using this configuration, the client would use a \fBsources.list\fP entry
like:
.nf

    deb http://server:9999/debian/ woody main

.fi
And so the file request
`/debian/woody/main/binary-i386/x11/foo_1-1.deb' would turn into a
back-end request of first
.nf

    `http://ftp.us.debian.org/debian/woody/main/binary-i386/x11/foo_1-1.deb'
    
.fi
and if that failed,
.nf

    `http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian/woody/main/binary-i386/x11/foo_1-1.deb'
    
.nf
and the file would be placed in
.nf
    `/var/cache/apt-proxy/debian/debian/woody/main/binary-i386/x11/foo_1-1.deb'\&.

.PP
For many more examples, see the supplied /etc/apt-proxy/apt-proxy\&.conf\&.

.SH "FILES"
/etc/apt-proxy/apt-proxy\&.conf
.br
/etc/apt-proxy/apt-proxy-v2\&.conf
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.na
.nh
.BR apt-proxy(8),
.BR /usr/share/doc/apt-proxy/README,
.BR apt\-proxy\-import(8)
.hy
.ad
.PP
.SH "BUGS"
Plenty sure.  Please report.
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
apt-proxy v2 was written by Manuel Estrada Sainz <ranty@debian.org>\&.
